All the features I have implemented in this projects:

1. Procedural Terrain Generation (ms1)
2. Texture and Texture Animation (ms2) 
3. Day And Night Shift, Weather System (ms3) 

Day And Night Shift Implementation: 
I created a class called skyrenderer that uses a ray-casting appraoch. The sky is rendered as a full-screen quad with a fragment shader that computes
color values based on the view direction and time of day. The skyrenderer classs manages time progression and sky colors in different times, it interpolates
between color sets based on current time, it also updates the sun position based on time. I then used two shaders, sky.vert.glsl, sky.frag.glsl where the vertex 
shader transforms a full-screen quad, and the fragment shader performs ray calculations. I use worley based FBM noise to generate clouds.

Challenge: Avoiding NaN values in the cloud pattern, it causes my program to crash many times, I added a safeguard to clamp denominator values to prevent division
by zero.

Weather System Implementation: 
I created a weathersystem calss that manages weather state and genereate and updates weather particles. I also use the variable created in the weather system class
to add gray gradient to my sky when its rainy or snowy. I created two shaders where the vertex shader handles particle movement and billboarding and the fragment shader
creates different appearances for rain and snow. The precipitation is rendered using a particle system where the particles are generated around the player, I used instanced
rendering for efficiency. Each particle has its position, velocity, size and lifetime passed into the shader. The movement is affected by wind and gravity. Also use its
coordinate to determine whether it collides with blocks in the terrain so that it disappears.

Challenge: I dont know why the particles like raindrops and snowflakes are not showing on the screen, I still cant fix it and make it show..

Controls

T: Set time to morning (6 AM)
Y: Set time to noon (12 PM)
U: Set time to sunset (6 PM)
I: Set time to midnight (12 AM)
1: Set weather to clear
2: Set weather to rain
3: Set weather to snow



